content collections in styling, markdown pages (#2409)
withastro/docs: src/pages/en/guides/styling.mdx

Astro was designed to make styling and writing CSS a breeze. Write your own CSS directly inside of an Astro component or import your favorite CSS library like [Tailwind][tailwind]. Advanced styling languages like [Sass][sass] and [Less][less] are also supported.

> ## Styling in Astro Components

Author: ```suggestion
## Styling in Astro
```

Svelte in Astro also works exactly as expected: [Svelte Styling Docs][svelte-style].

## Markdown Styling

Any Astro styling methods are available to a [Markdown layout component](/en/core-concepts/layouts/#markdownmdx-layouts).

> You can apply global styles to your Markdown content by adding [`<style>` tags](#global-styles) and [imported stylesheets](#external-styles) to the layout that wraps your page content. You can also add [CSS integrations](#css-integrations) including [Tailwind](/en/guides/integrations-guide/tailwind).

Author: ```suggestion
You can apply global styles to your Markdown content by adding [`<style>` tags](#global-styles) and [imported stylesheets](#external-styles) to the layout that wraps your page content. You can also add [CSS integrations](#css-integrations) including [Tailwind](/en/guides/integrations-guide/tailwind/).
```

> You can apply global styles to your Markdown content by adding [`<style>` tags](#global-styles) and [imported stylesheets](#external-styles) to the layout that wraps your page content. You can also add [CSS integrations](#css-integrations) including [Tailwind](/en/guides/integrations-guide/tailwind/).

Reviewer: Do we need to say all these things again if they're already on this page and we're already saying "you can do anything on this page"?

Author: So, I *get* that... but I struggled. This is our canonical, "How to style Markdown" and it seems like the answer is.... don't? :sweat_smile: Style in the layout component instead?

I'm also accounting for people who search and end up down here at the bottom of the page, so wanted to call out the things from above that are useful to them.

Reviewer: Ok, so sounds like the answer is "Yes, we do need to say these things"

I'm cool with that! 👍

> Additionally, you can install and use [Markdown plugins](/en/guides/markdown-content/#markdown-plugins) such as the [Tailwind/typography plugin](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/typography-plugin) for styling Markdown.

Reviewer: The tailwind plug-in is a smart thing to call out here but it's not the same kind of plug-in as we document at that link so maybe we only mention tailwind here?

```suggestion
If you are using Tailwind, the [typography plugin](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/typography-plugin) can be useful for styling Markdown.
```
